[Music]
nine proofs you can increase your
brainpower in a week the human brain is
probably the most mysterious organ in
our body scientists keep learning new
facts about its work but it still hides
a lot of Secrets that's why we decided
to acquaint you with the brightest
discoveries of the last few years in the
field of brain research there are a few
simple ways to boost your intellect and
improve your brainpower and they will
surely surprise you but golly I could
sure use that well keep sitting there
and you'll learn something
number 9 chronic lack of sleep worsens
memory scientists from the University of
California at Berkeley have found
convincing proof that a lack of sleep
can worsen memory and cause Alzheimers
during the full night's sleep brain
cells remove toxic compounds dangerous
for our brain if a person never gets
enough sleep it has a devastating effect
on their brain cells number 8 prolonged
stress destroys the brain a decrease in
memory in the ability to learn in
self-control these are the consequences
that chronic stress is fraught with also
it contributes to a person feeling
irritation anxiety tension and often
being distracted number 7 love and hate
have a lot in common
[Music]
british scientists found that love and
hate originated in similar brain areas
however unlike hatred love significantly
reduces the activity of the area's
responsible for judgment and logical
thinking or a hold that explains a lot
yeah keeps it in there man number 6 the
brain is sensitive to dehydration
our brain is almost 80% water there for
even a moderate loss of fluid about two
percent reduces concentration and
vigilance and leads to the deterioration
of short-term memory and other cognitive
abilities number five
pregnancy changes the brain structure
scientists prove that pregnancy reduces
the amount of gray matter in the brain
areas responsible for social cognition
and the ability to understand other
people all of it is necessary to
strengthen the mother baby connection
help a woman understand the needs of her
child and notice possible external
dangers number four the abundance of
sugar in the diet worsens memory and
reduces the ability to learn the
abundance of fructose in the diet slows
down the brain and reduces its ability
to learn remember information and
concentrate this is because the excess
sugar destroys neural connections in the
brain scientists emphasize that
industrially produced sugar is much more
harmful added to soft drinks seasonings
sauces and baby food
however products containing omega-3
fatty acids such as fatty fish nuts and
fish oil remove the consequences of the
disorder so we should have a can of
sardines with a root beer YUM number
three romantic love and maternal
feelings are very similar it turns out
according to brain activity romantic
relationships and maternal feelings are
very similar but there are differences
as well for example passionate love
activates the brain areas related to
sexual arousal in addition the feeling
of anxiety and fear decreases and the
feeling of euphoria increases maternal
love activates the areas responsible for
the formation of affection Oh
number two painting improves the work of
the brain a study showed that painting
and contemplations of works of art
improve the interaction between brain
areas while slowing its aging scientists
study the influence of art on people
aged 62 to 70 years old half of them
took a course in art history and the
other half took a course in painting
painting classes gave a stronger result
than art history so pick up a brush and
number one reading trains the brain
[Music]
Oxford scientists prove that the process
of reading trains the cognitive
abilities of the brain it also activates
areas that aren't used at other times
while reading blood enters the brain
areas responsible for concentration and
cognition it's noteworthy that this
effect doesn't occur while watching TV
or playing computer games so what are
you waiting for grab an interesting book
and give your brain a great workout
Tolstoy anyone Hey comedian - who are we
talking about war and peace or in a
Korea don't forget to hit the like
button below the video and click
subscribe to join the bright side of
life
[Music]
you